COrVID1920 MATLAB plotting and analysis tool

This script downloads current data from two sources - a data set collected
by the NYTimes located at:
https://github.com/nytimes/covid-19-data
and data collected by the Covid Tracking Project located at:
https://github.com/COVID19Tracking
-or-
https://covidtracking.com/

User is prompted for download of fresh data, which will automatically be 
saved locally in .csv files, otherwise previously saved local data is used.

Data begins at 1/21/20 for NYT dataset and at 3/4/20 for Covidtracking
dataset.  Both contain county-level datasets but these data are...messy.
County-level data is downloaded and imported but not analyzed except for 
maybe a few large metro areas if I get around to it.  As of 4/1/10, all of
these online data sets appear to be updated (at least daily).

Plotting parameters are edited in the file 'InputVars.m'

Custom areas are generated by summing up the total cases for a number of 
specified states.  See 'CustomAreas.m' for how that works.

A note on geographical identifiers/geocodes:
States and counties use unique 2-digit (state) or 5-digit (county) Federal
Information Processing Standards (FIPS) codes. For 5-digit (county) fips 
codes, the first 2 digits are equal to the 2-digit fips code for the state 
within which that county lies.  US Divisions and Regions use  US Census 
numerical identifiers.  Look-up tables with the right formatting are 
stored/accesed locally in .csv format.  See 'state-geocodes-v2017.xlsx' 
or 'state-geocodes.csv' for user reference as to how 
states/regions/divisions are numbered.

A note on Metro areas.  
For the examples listed the counties included are determined as defined 
by the appropriate U.S. Census "Metropolitan Statistical Area" or sometimes
the Census "Combined Statistical Area".  The notable exception are so-called
Independent cities that are not officially part of any county, and as such
do not have a 5-digit county-level fips designation.  Data from these 
cities are therefor NOT included in tallies here.  There are 40 of these 
cities in the U.S. - Baltimore, St. Louis and 38 other cities in Virginia 
which has an independent city clause in its state constitution.  Way to go 
Virginia.  You just had to be diffrerent for the sake of being different, 
didn't you?  Now you get to sit in the corner with Baltimore and St. Louis 
in the corner while everybody else gets their COVID-19 data analyzed.  At 
least they probably had good reason for doing what they did.  If you're 
nice, maybe they'll share some of their delicious BBQ and crab cakes. 

Stuff you need:
'all-geocodes-v2017.xlsx'
'COrVID1920v2.m'
'CustomAreas.m'
'CustomMetros.m'
'division-codes.csv'
'fips-codes.csv'
'fips-county-codes.csv'
'InputVars.m'
'READ_ME.txt'
'region-codes.csv'
'state-geocodes.csv'
'state-geocodes-v2017.xlsx'
'testingST.csv'
'testingUS.csv'
'us-counties.csv'
'us-states.csv

Carl Andersen
University of Alaska Fairbanks
csandersen@alaska.edu
